SMV can virtually manage an infinite number of factors.  So the number of factors is immaterial.  What’s most material is that we identify all the factors.
SMV can consider other factors - For example: Business factors that relate to the company itself and industry factors related to the industry that the company operates in.
Normally we’ll ask you to fill out a profile.  This time we didn’t because this session is only a demonstration.
Video Lectures are nothing more than videos used for one-way large audience broadcast that follow traditional educational classroom models.
Many times Power Point text snippets are disjointed limiting the learners’ ability to cognitively absorb the ideas being presented, this normally results in boredom.
Information dumps happen more often than we wish; learners are given large quantities of text to read. The result is that most text goes unread, and valuable lessons are lost.
Its "how" we do it. Many traditional group exercises are contrived and have only a superficial relevance to work activities. Employees often think of these exercises as phony and just going through the motions.
It doesn’t matter because more often than not instead of deep debates, learners talk past each other and go off on pointless tangents. People expect to learn from each other but get few substantive lessons.
Instead of tailoring content to the medium, old text documents are simply repackaged for online consumption. Too much time is spent on reading long documents on computer screens with little interaction and engagement.  On the other hand, when multimedia is use e-learning moves into a whole new dimension.
A variety of new techniques have been developed. In practice results are the same. Rote studying does little to stimulate imagination, show logic and lessons are quickly forgotten.
Learners are left to themselves because veterans have little time or inclination to train successors. Unprepared employees learn the ropes with risky and unproductive coping.
Ideas are explained visually with graphics, photos, and other visual aids. Visualization forces instructors to orchestrate words and visuals into clear & coherent messages and frameworks. Complicated ideas are - better understood, -- easier to fit together and more memorable.
New Card-Based Dialog methods expose learners to ideas and research during dialog sessions. Cards help groups brainstorm, diagnose problems, set a course of action and provide an opportunity for individuals to reflect on ideas after the session is over. Simply put, dialog sessions have greater focus when people concentrate on realistic problems.
Web-based social-networking technologies facilitate online conversations and new ideas as perspectives are brought to bear on problems.
Web-based business-networking technologies facilitate online conversations and new ideas - as perspectives are brought to bear on problems.
Normally, communities of practice meet online and/or face-to-face in order to steward a body of practice knowledge - in the process teaching new members just happens.
Multimedia e-learning courses offer interactions, and intellectual stimulation, allowing people to learn from their desktops.
Trainers use immersive simulators to encourage people to imagine themselves within a real-world scenario & solve problems. Imagining is a technique used to change perceptions.
Graphics help people see patterns and craft ideas in coherent manners, thus facilitators can help people visualize their ideas on the fly, and teach them visualizations skills.
Action research involves bringing a diverse group of experts and practitioners together to jointly inquirer about a subject of interest. The advice that results tends to be more relevant to daily work, and action-learning techniques actively put course lessons to work. These methods prevent course lessons from languishing on the shelf unused.
We are not quite ready. But we expect to begin licensing it in 2018.
We are ready now and we expect to begin selling it in 2017.
Yes and we have a few companies who we’re presently developing their SMV systems